-Is that a sword? -Yeah the whole theme. -Yeah, she's a... -Pirate.
*Crowd Cheers*
Fantastic, thank you so much. Uh Howie. -Do you know what medieval times? Have you ever been to medieval times?
-I have.
if they took that concept and made a one-woman show this is what I think it would be.
-Okay.
I didn't see an amazing trick. I didn't see one amazing trick.
Hes allowed his opinion, its ok.
You did some flips and kind of jumped off a but
and did another weird flip
I would like to see more. Hes so cute.
Okay, uh..Mel
-I think I'm gonna have to kind of agree with Howie. what! I think if you do get through to the next round
Focus on really switching up what you do because there were a few tricks in there that I was like
Oh wow, that's great. I just wish you would have put them in a lot sooner. they've had a sword fight.
I've never seen a dog have a sword fight with his owner before...
And I felt
Hero was almost singing along with the music, so I don't think they quite understood what you just did.           -Alright.
But maybe now I've explained it.
Let me kick this off with...Howie.
I dont understand.
I do.
I don't. -Ok. -I don't. -That's ok.
So im gonna say no
*Crowd Boos*
Yes or no Mel.
I'm sorry I'm gonna have to say no
What!
*Crowd Boos*
We don't want to make anybody feel terrible; listen what you do is what you do is far beyond anything.
*Crowd Cheers*
Look I've never done this before, never but I'm asking you on behalf of Sarah and Hero. Mel.
Why look at me? Ask him!
Both of you trust me on this I saw something you didn't  see.
*Crowd Chants "Abby!"*
Okay, okay, I'll tell you what I'll tell you what I know people like dogs, so I'm gonna, I feel so bad. This is emotional.
I'll change it to a yes.
Heidi
See, I would of wanted to see you again in
Any case. You have a yes from me.
So two yeses.
Okay, Sara you have a yes from Howie,
A yes from Heidi, a no from Mel. Boo!
*Crowd Boos*
But Sarah,
Hero, you have a yes from me.
(Thank you so much)
Names Amy Book
I'm 22 I'm a personal trainer, and I'm from Gates.
I first started singing when I was very very young and I always sang to my mom and she used to
always tell me to shut up.
But music means a lot to me. Amy's lifelong passion for singing together with a little hometown
Inspiration has driven her to achieve her dream of auditioning for the x-factor.
Samira inspires me most is shower called because we both came from Newcastle both came from working backgrounds
She's a massive inspiration because she's gone from that and look at her now, she's a superstar. I hope that I can follow her steps
Today is by far the biggest day of my. and I really really really want to make a massive impact on the judges.
Hi.
Hello.
All right, what's your name? Amy book and how old are you Amy 22? Where you from?
Your neck of the woods missy.
I thought so.
Yeah
And you feeling a little bit nervous?
Yeah, I'm feeling nervous and but I'm very very excited. I'm feeling a buzz.
What are you gonna sing Alicia Keys falling.
Good luck.
I keep on fallin'
In and out
With you
Sometimes I love you
Sometimes you make me blue
Sometimes I feel good
Sometimes I feel bad
Heard enough.
Well I'm going to start off by saying I think you look like a pop star already you look absolutely fantastic. Thank you.
But I think that song was too big for Amy.
I really do. I think you've got a nice pop look.
I agree totally.
Amy.
I think you've got a good voice, but it's not a great voice.
Ah, you're very well prepared, you look fantastic
But I don't think your voice is good enough darling
*Crowd Boos*
Don't cry babe.
Amy listen, listen we're not saying you're bad.
I think you're a good pop singer. I don't think you're a big Davison.
So you gotta work out in your mind the right kind of song for you.
I nearly sang a Girls Aloud song you know.
What?
Alright well why don't you sing the girls Aloud song?
Probably forgot the words now.
I'll help you.
ooh
Why you look so sad
Tears are in your eyes.
Come and go to me now.
*Crowd Cheers*
Cry
*Mumbles*
Cause I've seen the dark side too.
*Crowd Cheers*
You don't know what to do
Nothing you can face
*Crowd Cheers*
Ready for the big bit?
Go for this big bit, alright?
*Crowd Cheers*
Ready?
Lets go.
I'll stand by you
I'll stay by you
Won't let nobody hurt you
I'll stand by you
Amy I'll stand by you yes
I'll say yes
And you've got absolutely everything going for you could just need to get rid of the nerves and take that last box yes really
Huge, thank you to this slot and made it through to boot camp congratulations
You are to the trial she picked herself up
My name is Jacob curly. I'm from Daphne, Alabama, and I'm a singer
Music has always been a big part of my life
Even as a young child it helped me get through some of the tough times in my life
My parents weren't what you would call
Model parents whether it be because they were in jail or because they were doing drugs
He got so bad that at the age of five
The police came and picked up my sister, and I and took us to foster care that
Night laying in bed. I wanted my parents more than anything even though. They weren't the ideal parents it was all I knew
Visitation periods were the worst because for the first few months my parents actually showed up, and they brought me things
But eventually they just stopped coming and being a kid I would beg and beg and beg even if there was like ten minutes
I thought no no they're coming. Please don't leave they're coming and eventually they just stopped coming
It was really lonely no matter who it was if someone smiled at me or showed me any
Emotion then I would I would beg them to adopt me
As the years progressed I gave up. I just it made me feel like I was nothing
At eight years old my life got a lot better
One day a lovely couple came to visit me and it turns out that
They are my parents now, and I love him so much only for a moment. I promise
Seeing Jacob walk out onto the stage tonight. I can't wait to
brag to every single person I know and tell them that's my
Son got there. Give it to him that poor man. All right
My dream is to be able to do this for a living, so I'm really nervous, but I hope they like me
How are ya I'm good, how are you? I'm doing really good and
Are you nervous yes, sir?
What's your name? My name is Jacob and were your problem? I'm from Daphne, Alabama. You're from Alabama. Are you here by yourself?
I'm here with my mom. Oh, that's nice. She gives me everywhere. She's my number one fan
That's what moms are for yes, and what's the dream? Um I'd like to win America's Got Talent. That would be
Get is what you got
When the only information oh they're gonna bend it over
So we keep waiting
waiting waiting on the world to change
We keep waiting waiting waiting
on the world to
Thank you
Not yet
Oh
I
Really like you a lot, I think that you're great. I think you have a beautiful voice and you have another fan, okay
Thank you. I'm glad
When I judge this show I think of myself when I when a singer comes out a young singer like yourself
I say well would I invest my own money in a singer like yourself. That's the standard
I would hold you to and I would I would invest my money in you
You have one of those voices a bit like Ed Sheeran you hear his voice
and you instantly recognize who it is and boy that was just
Amazing, thank you so much
Jacob so you know I'm looking at your mother there you know and
Obviously there's a lot of emotion there
And you seem like a wonderful guy you sang with so much soul
Like you've lived a life longer than your years life hasn't always been easy
My childhood was pretty rough. I was me and my sister both were in and out of foster homes
they started when I was five and
It was kind of rough not knowing where you were gonna be or if anybody loves you like it kind of got
I made me feel like I was just somebody's luggage
When I when I met my mom and my dad, and they wanted to adopt both me and my sister
It felt just like this knowing that I would have a family that loved me and
This is awesome well, you know what America's Got Talent has now adopted you and America loves you, too
You